# ADSP - from wayne
vendor/bin/adsprpcd
vendor/lib/libadsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib/libadsp_hvx_callback_skel.so
vendor/lib/libadsp_hvx_stub.so
vendor/lib/libadsprpc.so
vendor/lib/libfastcvadsp_stub.so
vendor/lib/libfastcvopt.so
vendor/lib/libmdsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libadsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib64/libadsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libfastcvadsp_stub.so
vendor/lib64/libfastcvopt.so
vendor/lib64/libmdsprpc.so

# ADSP modules - from wayne
vendor/lib/libsdsprpc.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/capi_v2_aptX_Classic.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/capi_v2_aptX_HD.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/dirac_resource.dar
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_fd_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_hvx_add_constant.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libadsp_hvx_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libapps_mem_heap.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libdirac-capiv2.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libdspCV_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libfastcvadsp_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libfastcvadsp.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_AUE_Forward_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_UTF_Forward_800h_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libFastRPC_UTF_Forward_Qtc2_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libscveBlobDescriptor_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libscveFaceLandmark_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libscveT2T_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libvpp_svc_skel.so
vendor/lib64/libsdsprpc.so

# Alarm - from wayne
etc/permissions/vendor-qti-hardware-alarm.xml:vendor/etc/permissions/vendor-qti-hardware-alarm.xml
-vendor/app/PowerOffAlarm/PowerOffAlarm.apk
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-service.rc
vendor/framework/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm-V1.0-java.jar
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0.so

# ANT+ - from wayne
lib/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so
-lib/libantradio.so
lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so
-lib64/libantradio.so
vendor/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/hw/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/hw/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0-impl.so

# Audio - from wayne
vendor/etc/drc/drc_cfg_5.1.txt
vendor/etc/drc/drc_cfg_AZ.txt
vendor/etc/surround_sound_3mic/surround_sound_rec_5.1.cfg
vendor/etc/surround_sound_3mic/surround_sound_rec_AZ.cfg
vendor/lib/libacdb-fts.so
vendor/lib/libacdbmapper.so
vendor/lib/libacdbloader.so
vendor/lib/libacdbrtac.so
vendor/lib/libadiertac.so
vendor/lib/libadm.so
vendor/lib/libaudcal.so
vendor/lib/libaudioalsa.so
vendor/lib/libaudioparsers.so
vendor/lib/libdrc.so
vendor/lib/libqtigef.so
vendor/lib/libsurround_3mic_proc.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libasphere.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcbassboost.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcreverb.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcvirt.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libshoebox.so
vendor/lib64/libacdb-fts.so
vendor/lib64/libacdbmapper.so
vendor/lib64/libacdbloader.so
vendor/lib64/libacdbrtac.so
vendor/lib64/libadiertac.so
vendor/lib64/libaudcal.so
vendor/lib64/libaudioalsa.so
vendor/lib64/libaudioparsers.so
vendor/lib64/libqtigef.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libasphere.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libqcbassboost.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libqcreverb.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libqcvirt.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libshoebox.so

# Audio ACDB - from wayne
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Bluetooth_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_General_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Global_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Handset_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Headset_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Hdmi_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_Speaker_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/MTP/MTP_workspaceFile.qwsp
vendor/etc/acdbdata/adsp_avs_config.acdb

# Audio Power Amplifier - from wayne
vendor/firmware/dbmd4_va_fw.bin
vendor/firmware/tas2557_uCDSP.bin
vendor/firmware/tfa98xx.cnt

# Bluetooth - from wayne
vendor/bin/btnvtool
vendor/bin/hci_qcomm_init
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib/libbt-hidlclient.so
vendor/lib/libbtnv.so
vendor/lib64/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib64/libbt-hidlclient.so
vendor/lib64/libbtnv.so

# Charger - from wayne
vendor/bin/hvdcp_opti

# CNE - from wayne
etc/cne/andsfCne.xml
etc/cne/SwimConfig.xml
etc/permissions/cneapiclient.xml
etc/permissions/com.quicinc.cne.xml
framework/cneapiclient.jar
framework/com.quicinc.cne.jar
lib64/libvendorconn.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.latency@1.0.so
lib/libvendorconn.so
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.data.latency@1.0.so
-priv-app/CNEService/CNEService.apk
vendor/bin/cnd
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile6.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile6.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile7.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile6.xml
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.api@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.constants@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.constants@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.server@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.server@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/libcneapiclient.so
vendor/lib64/libcneoplookup.so
vendor/lib64/libcneqmiutils.so
vendor/lib64/libcne.so
vendor/lib64/libwms.so
vendor/lib64/libwqe.so
vendor/lib64/libxml.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.latency@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/com.quicinc.cne.api@1.0.so
vendor/lib/com.quicinc.cne.constants@1.0.so
vendor/lib/com.quicinc.cne.constants@2.0.so
vendor/lib/com.quicinc.cne.server@1.0.so
vendor/lib/com.quicinc.cne.server@2.0.so
vendor/lib/libcneapiclient.so
vendor/lib/libcneoplookup.so
vendor/lib/libcneqmiutils.so
vendor/lib/libcne.so
vendor/lib/libwms.so
vendor/lib/libwqe.so
vendor/lib/libxml.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.data.latency@1.0_vendor.so

# Consumerir - from wayne
vendor/lib/hw/consumerir.default.so
vendor/lib64/hw/consumerir.default.so

# Display - from wayne
etc/permissions/com.qti.snapdragon.sdk.display.xml
-framework/com.qti.snapdragon.sdk.display.jar
lib/libsd_sdk_display.so
lib/libsdm-disp-apis.so
lib/vendor.display.color@1.0.so
lib/vendor.display.postproc@1.0.so
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.qdutils_disp@1.0.so
lib64/libsd_sdk_display.so
lib64/libsdm-disp-apis.so
lib64/vendor.display.color@1.0.so
lib64/vendor.display.postproc@1.0.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.qdutils_disp@1.0.so
-vendor/app/colorservice/colorservice.apk
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.display.color@1.0-service
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.qdutils_disp@1.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/vendor.display.color@1.0-service.rc
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.qdutils_disp@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/libsdm-color.so
vendor/lib/libsdm-diag.so
vendor/lib/libsdmextension.so
vendor/lib64/libsdm-color.so
vendor/lib64/libsdm-diag.so
vendor/lib64/libsdmextension.so

# Display Calibration - from wayne
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_tianma_nt36672_fhd_video_mode_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_jdi_nt36672_fhd_video_mode_dsi_panel.xml

# DPM - from wayne
bin/dpmd
etc/dpm/dpm.conf
etc/dpm/nsrm/NsrmConfiguration.xml
etc/init/dpmd.rc
etc/permissions/com.qti.dpmframework.xml
etc/permissions/dpmapi.xml
framework/com.qti.dpmframework.jar
framework/dpmapi.jar
framework/tcmclient.jar
-priv-app/dpmserviceapp/dpmserviceapp.apk
lib/com.qualcomm.qti.dpm.api@1.0.so
lib/libdiag_system.so
lib/libdpmctmgr.so
lib/libdpmfdmgr.so
lib/libdpmframework.so
lib/libdpmnsrm.so
lib/libdpmtcm.so
lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.dpm.api@1.0.so
lib64/libdiag_system.so
lib64/libdpmctmgr.so
lib64/libdpmfdmgr.so
lib64/libdpmframework.so
lib64/libdpmnsrm.so
lib64/libdpmtcm.so
vendor/bin/dpmQmiMgr
vendor/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.dpm.api@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/libdpmqmihal.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.dpm.api@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/libdpmqmihal.so

# DRM - from wayne
lib/libGPTEE_system.so
lib/libQTEEConnector_system.so
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0.so
lib64/libGPTEE_system.so
lib64/libQTEEConnector_system.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0.so
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.drm@1.0-service.widevine
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0-service
vendor/bin/qseecomd
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.drm@1.0-service.widevine.rc
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib/libbase64.so
vendor/lib/libcppf.so
vendor/lib/libdrmfs.so
vendor/lib/libdrmtime.so
vendor/lib/libGPreqcancel.so
vendor/lib/libGPreqcancel_svc.so
vendor/lib/libGPTEE_vendor.so
vendor/lib/libmm-hdcpmgr.so
vendor/lib/libqisl.so
vendor/lib/libQSEEComAPI.so
vendor/lib/libQTEEConnector_vendor.so
vendor/lib/librmp.so
vendor/lib/librpmb.so
vendor/lib/libsdedrm.so
vendor/lib/libSecureUILib.so
vendor/lib/libsecureui.so
vendor/lib/libsecureui_svcsock.so
vendor/lib/libsi.so
vendor/lib/libssd.so
vendor/lib/libStDrvInt.so
vendor/lib/libtzdrmgenprov.so
vendor/lib/qcdrm/playready/lib/drm/libdrmprplugin_customer.so
vendor/lib/qcdrm/playready/lib/libprdrmdecrypt_customer.so
vendor/lib/qcdrm/playready/lib/libtzplayready_customer.so
vendor/lib/qcdrm/playready/lib/mediadrm/libprmediadrmdecrypt_customer.so
vendor/lib/qcdrm/playready/lib/mediadrm/libprmediadrmplugin_customer.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/libbase64.so
vendor/lib64/libdrmfs.so
vendor/lib64/libdrmtime.so
vendor/lib64/libGPreqcancel.so
vendor/lib64/libGPreqcancel_svc.so
vendor/lib64/libGPTEE_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/libmm-hdcpmgr.so
vendor/lib64/libqisl.so
vendor/lib64/libQSEEComAPI.so
vendor/lib64/libQTEEConnector_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/librmp.so
vendor/lib64/librpmb.so
vendor/lib64/libsdedrm.so
vendor/lib64/libSecureUILib.so
vendor/lib64/libsecureui.so
vendor/lib64/libsecureui_svcsock.so
vendor/lib64/libsi.so
vendor/lib64/libssd.so
vendor/lib64/libStDrvInt.so
vendor/lib64/libtzdrmgenprov.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0_vendor.so

# ESE-Powermanager - from wayne
lib/vendor.qti.esepowermanager@1.0.so
lib64/vendor.qti.esepowermanager@1.0.so
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.esepowermanager@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.esepowermanager@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.esepowermanager@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.esepowermanager@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.esepowermanager@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.esepowermanager@1.0-impl.so

# Fingerprint - from wayne
vendor/lib64/hw/fingerprint.default.so:vendor/lib64/hw/fingerprint.goodix.so
vendor/lib64/hw/fingerprint.fpc.default.so:vendor/lib64/hw/fingerprint.fpc.so
vendor/lib64/com.fingerprints.extension@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/libgoodixfingerprintd_binder.so
vendor/lib64/libgf_ca.so
vendor/lib64/libgf_hal.so
vendor/lib64/libvendor.goodix.hardware.fingerprint@1.0-service.so
vendor/lib64/libvendor.goodix.hardware.fingerprint@1.0.so

# Fingerprint firmware - from wayne
etc/firmware/goodixfp.b00
etc/firmware/goodixfp.b01
etc/firmware/goodixfp.b02
etc/firmware/goodixfp.b03
etc/firmware/goodixfp.b04
etc/firmware/goodixfp.b05
etc/firmware/goodixfp.b06
etc/firmware/goodixfp.b07
etc/firmware/goodixfp.mdt
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.b00
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.b01
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.b02
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.b03
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.b04
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.b05
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.b06
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.b07
vendor/firmware/fpctzappfingerprint.mdt

# FM - from wayne
-lib/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0.so
-lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0.so
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0_vendor.so

# Gatekeeper - from wayne
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-service-qti
vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib64/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-service-qti.rc

# GPS - from wayne
etc/permissions/com.qti.location.sdk.xml
etc/permissions/izat.xt.srv.xml
framework/com.qti.location.sdk.jar
framework/izat.xt.srv.jar
lib/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0.so
lib/libxt_native.so
lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0.so
lib64/libxt_native.so
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0-service
vendor/bin/DR_AP_Service
vendor/bin/garden_app
vendor/bin/loc_launcher
vendor/bin/lowi-server
vendor/bin/xtra-daemon
vendor/bin/xtwifi-client
vendor/bin/xtwifi-inet-agent
vendor/etc/cacert_location.pem
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0-service.rc
vendor/etc/xtra_root_cert.pem
-vendor/lib64/libloc_api_v02.so
vendor/lib64/libloc_ds_api.so
vendor/bin/slim_daemon
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib/libalarmservice_jni.so
vendor/lib/lib_drplugin_server.so
vendor/lib/libdataitems.so
vendor/lib/libDRPlugin.so
vendor/lib/libdrplugin_client.so
vendor/lib/libevent_observer.so
vendor/lib/libflp.so
vendor/lib/libgdtap.so
vendor/lib/libgeofence.so
-vendor/lib/libgnsspps.so
vendor/lib/libizat_client_api.so
vendor/lib/libizat_core.so
vendor/lib/liblbs_core.so
vendor/lib/libloc_api_v02.so
vendor/lib/libloc_ds_api.so
vendor/lib/libloc_externalDr.so
vendor/lib/liblocationservice.so
vendor/lib/liblocationservice_glue.so
vendor/lib/liblowi_client.so
vendor/lib/liblowi_wifihal.so
vendor/lib/libquipc_os_api.so
vendor/lib/libslimclient.so
vendor/lib/libulp2.so
vendor/lib/libxtadapter.so
vendor/lib/libxtwifi_ulp_adaptor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/lib_drplugin_server.so
vendor/lib64/libalarmservice_jni.so
vendor/lib64/libdataitems.so
vendor/lib64/libdrplugin_client.so
vendor/lib64/libDRPlugin.so
vendor/lib64/libevent_observer.so
vendor/lib64/libflp.so
vendor/lib64/libgdtap.so
vendor/lib64/libgeofence.so
-vendor/lib64/libgnsspps.so
vendor/lib64/libizat_client_api.so
vendor/lib64/libizat_core.so
vendor/lib64/liblbs_core.so
vendor/lib64/libloc_externalDr.so
vendor/lib64/liblocationservice_glue.so
vendor/lib64/liblocationservice.so
vendor/lib64/liblowi_client.so
vendor/lib64/liblowi_wifihal.so
vendor/lib64/libquipc_os_api.so
vendor/lib64/libslimclient.so
vendor/lib64/libulp2.so
vendor/lib64/libxtadapter.so
vendor/lib64/libxtwifi_ulp_adaptor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.gnss@1.0_vendor.so

# Graphics firmware - from wayne
vendor/firmware/a512_zap.b00
vendor/firmware/a512_zap.b01
vendor/firmware/a512_zap.b02
vendor/firmware/a512_zap.elf
vendor/firmware/a512_zap.mdt
vendor/firmware/a530_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a530_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a540_gpmu.fw2

# Graphics - from wayne
vendor/lib/egl/eglSubDriverAndroid.so
vendor/lib/egl/libEGL_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv2_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libq3dtools_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libq3dtools_esx.so
vendor/lib/egl/libQTapGLES.so
vendor/lib/hw/vulkan.sdm660.so
vendor/lib/libadreno_utils.so
vendor/lib/libbccQTI.so
vendor/lib/libC2D2.so
vendor/lib/libc2d30_bltlib.so
vendor/lib/libc2d30-a3xx.so
vendor/lib/libc2d30-a4xx.so
vendor/lib/libc2d30-a5xx.so
vendor/lib/libCB.so
vendor/lib/libgsl.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-glnext.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-qcom.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-qgl.so
vendor/lib/libmm-disp-apis.so
vendor/lib/libmm-qdcm.so
vendor/lib/libOpenCL.so
vendor/lib/libpvr.so
vendor/lib/libqseed3.so
vendor/lib/librs_adreno_sha1.so
vendor/lib/librs_adreno.so
vendor/lib/libRSDriver_adreno.so
-vendor/lib/libsdm-disp-vndapis.so
vendor/lib/libtinyxml2_1.so
-vendor/lib64/libsdm-disp-vndapis.so
vendor/lib64/egl/eglSubDriverAndroid.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libEGL_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libGLESv2_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libq3dtools_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libq3dtools_esx.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libQTapGLES.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vulkan.sdm660.so
vendor/lib64/libadreno_utils.so
vendor/lib64/libbccQTI.so
vendor/lib64/libC2D2.so
vendor/lib64/libc2d30_bltlib.so
vendor/lib64/libc2d30-a3xx.so
vendor/lib64/libc2d30-a4xx.so
vendor/lib64/libc2d30-a5xx.so
vendor/lib64/libCB.so
vendor/lib64/libgsl.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-glnext.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-qcom.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-qgl.so
vendor/lib64/libmm-disp-apis.so
vendor/lib64/libmm-qdcm.so
vendor/lib64/libOpenCL.so
vendor/lib64/libpvr.so
vendor/lib64/libqseed3.so
vendor/lib64/librs_adreno_sha1.so
vendor/lib64/librs_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/libRSDriver_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/libtinyxml2_1.so

# Keymaster QTI - from wayne
vendor/lib64/hw/android.hardware.keymaster@3.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.keymaster@3.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.keymaster@3.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.keymaster@3.0-service-qti

# Keymaster - from wayne
vendor/lib/libkeymasterutils.so
vendor/lib/libkeymasterprovision.so
vendor/lib/libkeymasterdeviceutils.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterutils.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterprovision.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterdeviceutils.so

# Keystore - from wayne
vendor/lib/hw/keystore.sdm660.so
vendor/lib64/hw/keystore.sdm660.so

# Listen - from wayne
vendor/lib/hw/sound_trigger.primary.sdm660.so
vendor/lib/libadpcmdec.so
vendor/lib/libsmwrapper.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-calwrapper.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-ipc.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-osal.so
vendor/lib/libgcs.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.voiceprint@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/sound_trigger.primary.sdm660.so
vendor/lib64/libgcs-calwrapper.so
vendor/lib64/libgcs-ipc.so
vendor/lib64/libgcs-osal.so
vendor/lib64/libgcs.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.voiceprint@1.0.so

# Media - from wayne
lib/libmmosal.so
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.vpp@1.1.so
lib64/libmmosal.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.vpp@1.1.so
vendor/lib/libAlacSwDec.so
vendor/lib/libApeSwDec.so
vendor/lib/libdsd2pcm.so
vendor/lib/libFlacSwDec.so
-vendor/lib/libgpustats.so
vendor/lib/libvpplibrary.so
vendor/lib/libI420colorconvert.so
vendor/lib/libmm-color-convertor.so
vendor/lib/libmmsw_detail_enhancement.so
vendor/lib/libmmsw_math.so
vendor/lib/libmmsw_opencl.so
vendor/lib/libmmsw_platform.so
vendor/lib/libOmxAacDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxEvrcDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxQcelp13Dec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxVpp.so
vendor/lib/libOmxAlacDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxAlacDecSw.so
vendor/lib/libOmxAmrDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxAmrwbplusDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxApeDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxApeDecSw.so
vendor/lib/libOmxDsdDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxG711Dec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxVideoDSMode.so
vendor/lib/libOmxWmaDec.so
vendor/lib/libvpphvx.so
vendor/lib/libvqzip.so
vendor/lib/libvpptestutils.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.vpp@1.1_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/libAlacSwDec.so
vendor/lib64/libApeSwDec.so
vendor/lib64/libFlacSwDec.so
-vendor/lib64/libgpustats.so
vendor/lib64/libI420colorconvert.so
vendor/lib64/libmm-color-convertor.so
vendor/lib64/libmmsw_detail_enhancement.so
vendor/lib64/libmmsw_math.so
vendor/lib64/libmmsw_opencl.so
vendor/lib64/libmmsw_platform.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxAacDec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxAlacDec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxAlacDecSw.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxAmrDec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxAmrwbplusDec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxApeDec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxApeDecSw.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxEvrcDec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxG711Dec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxQcelp13Dec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxVpp.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxWmaDec.so
vendor/lib64/libvpplibrary.so
vendor/lib64/libvpphvx.so
vendor/lib64/libvpptestutils.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.vpp@1.1_vendor.so

# Mlipay - from wayne
etc/init/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.mlipay@1.0-service.rc:vendor/etc/init/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.mlipay@1.0-service.rc
lib64/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.mlipay@1.0.so:vendor/lib64/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.mlipay@1.0.so
vendor/bin/mlipayd
vendor/lib64/libmlipay.so

# Perf - from wayne
lib/libqti_performance.so
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0.so
lib/libqti-perfd-client_system.so
lib64/libqti_performance.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0.so
lib64/libqti-perfd-client_system.so
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@1.0.so
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@2.0.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@1.0.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@2.0.so
vendor/bin/energy-awareness
vendor/bin/msm_irqbalance
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0-service.rc
vendor/etc/perf/perfboostsconfig.xml
vendor/lib/libfeedbackhandler.so
vendor/lib/libperfgluelayer.so
vendor/lib/libqti-perfd-client.so
vendor/lib/libqti-perfd.so
vendor/lib/libqti-util.so
vendor/lib/libqti-utils.so
vendor/lib/libqti-gt-prop.so
vendor/lib/libqti-iopd-client.so
vendor/lib/libqti-iopd.so
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@2.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.limits@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/libfeedbackhandler.so
vendor/lib64/libperfgluelayer.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-perfd-client.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-perfd.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-util.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-utils.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-gt-prop.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-iopd-client.so
vendor/lib64/libqti-iopd.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.iop@2.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.limits@1.0_vendor.so

# Peripheral manager - from wayne
vendor/bin/pm-proxy
vendor/bin/pm-service
vendor/lib/libperipheral_client.so
vendor/lib64/libperipheral_client.so

# Postprocessing - from wayne
etc/calib.cfg
vendor/bin/mm-pp-dpps
vendor/lib/libdisp-aba.so
vendor/lib64/libdisp-aba.so
vendor/lib/vendor.display.color@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.display.postproc@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.qdutils_disp@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.display.color@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.display.postproc@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.qdutils_disp@1.0_vendor.so

# QMI - from wayne
vendor/bin/irsc_util
etc/permissions/qti_libpermissions.xml|ef3c88495f2f61a2d16e1445113a9d80f8db0e0a
etc/permissions/qti_permissions.xml
vendor/bin/pd-mapper
vendor/lib/libdiag.so
vendor/lib/libdsi_netctrl.so
vendor/lib/libdsutils.so
vendor/lib/libidl.so
vendor/lib/libqcci_legacy.so
vendor/lib/libqdi.so
vendor/lib/libqdp.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_cci.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_client_helper.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_client_qmux.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_common_so.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_csi.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_encdec.so
vendor/lib/libqmi.so
vendor/lib/libqmiservices.so
vendor/lib/libsmemlog.so
vendor/lib/libUserAgent.so
vendor/lib64/libdiag.so
vendor/lib64/libdsi_netctrl.so
vendor/lib64/libdsutils.so
vendor/lib64/libidl.so
vendor/lib64/libqcci_legacy.so
vendor/lib64/libqdi.so
vendor/lib64/libqdp.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_cci.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_client_helper.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_client_qmux.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_common_so.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_csi.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_encdec.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi.so
vendor/lib64/libqmiservices.so
vendor/lib64/libsmemlog.so
vendor/lib64/libUserAgent.so

# Radio - from wayne
-app/datastatusnotification/datastatusnotification.apk
-app/embms/embms.apk
-app/QtiSystemService/QtiSystemService.apk
-app/QtiTelephonyService/QtiTelephonyService.apk
vendor/bin/ATFWD-daemon
vendor/bin/ipacm-diag
vendor/bin/netmgrd
vendor/bin/port-bridge
vendor/bin/rmt_storage
vendor/bin/tftp_server
vendor/etc/data/dsi_config.xml
vendor/etc/data/netmgr_config.xml
vendor/Diag.cfg
etc/permissions/embms.xml
etc/permissions/qcrilhook.xml
etc/permissions/telephonyservice.xml
framework/embmslibrary.jar
-framework/qcrilhook.jar
framework/qti-telephony-common.jar|4ebf6571b783b3e2fa9a0ca5457fd2f3b5c01162
framework/QtiTelephonyServicelibrary.jar
-priv-app/qcrilmsgtunnel/qcrilmsgtunnel.apk
-vendor/app/SVIService/SVIService.apk
vendor/bin/qti
vendor/lib/lib_remote_simlock.so
vendor/lib/libconfigdb.so
vendor/lib/liblqe.so
vendor/lib/libmdmdetect.so
vendor/lib/libnetmgr.so
vendor/lib/libpdmapper.so
vendor/lib/libpdnotifier.so
vendor/lib/libqcmaputils.so
vendor/lib/libqcrilFramework.so
vendor/lib/libril-qc-hal-qmi.so
vendor/lib/librilqmiservices.so
vendor/lib/libril-qc-ltedirectdisc.so
vendor/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so
vendor/lib/libril-qc-radioconfig.so
vendor/lib/libril-qcril-hook-oem.so
vendor/lib/libsettings.so
vendor/lib/libsubsystem_control.so
vendor/lib/libSubSystemShutdown.so
vendor/lib/libsystem_health_mon.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.am@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.atcmdfwd@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.lpa@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qcrilhook@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_client@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_server@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/lib_remote_simlock.so
vendor/lib64/libconfigdb.so
vendor/lib64/liblqe.so
vendor/lib64/libmdmdetect.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr.so
vendor/lib64/libpdmapper.so
vendor/lib64/libpdnotifier.so
vendor/lib64/libqcmaputils.so
vendor/lib64/libqcrilFramework.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-hal-qmi.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-ltedirectdisc.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-qmi-1.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-radioconfig.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qcril-hook-oem.so
vendor/lib64/librilqmiservices.so
vendor/lib64/libsettings.so
vendor/lib64/libsubsystem_control.so
vendor/lib64/libSubSystemShutdown.so
vendor/lib64/libsystem_health_mon.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.am@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.atcmdfwd@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.lpa@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qcrilhook@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_client@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_server@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/radio/qcril_database/qcril.db

# Radio IMS - from wayne
-app/ims/ims.apk
-app/imssettings/imssettings.apk
-app/uceShimService/uceShimService.apk
etc/permissions/qti-vzw-ims-internal.xml
lib/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@1.0.so
lib/libimscamera_jni.so
lib/lib-imscamera.so
lib/libimsmedia_jni.so
lib/lib-imsvideocodec.so
lib/lib-imsvideocodec.so
lib/lib-imsvtextutils.so
lib/lib-imsvtutils.so
lib/lib-imsvtutils.so
lib/libmmrtpdecoder.so
lib/libmmrtpencoder.so
lib/librcc.so
lib/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@1.0.so
lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@1.0.so
lib64/libimscamera_jni.so
lib64/lib-imscamera.so
lib64/libimsmedia_jni.so
lib64/lib-imsvideocodec.so
lib64/lib-imsvtextutils.so
lib64/lib-imsvt.so
lib64/lib-imsvtutils.so
lib64/libmmrtpdecoder.so
lib64/libmmrtpencoder.so
lib64/librcc.so
lib64/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@1.0.so
vendor/bin/imsdatadaemon
vendor/bin/imsqmidaemon
vendor/bin/imsrcsd
vendor/bin/ims_rtp_daemon
vendor/framework/qti-vzw-ims-internal.jar
vendor/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@1.1_vendor.so
vendor/lib/lib-dplmedia.so
vendor/lib/lib-imscmservice.so
vendor/lib/lib-imsdpl.so
vendor/lib/lib-imsqimf.so
vendor/lib/lib-imsrcs-v2.so
vendor/lib/lib-imsxml.so
vendor/lib/lib-rtpcommon.so
vendor/lib/lib-rtpcore.so
vendor/lib/lib-rtpdaemoninterface.so
vendor/lib/lib-rtpsl.so
vendor/lib/lib-uceservice.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@1.0-service-Impl.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@1.1_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/lib-dplmedia.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imscmservice.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsdpl.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsqimf.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsrcs-v2.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsxml.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpcommon.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpcommon.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpcore.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpdaemoninterface.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpsl.so
vendor/lib64/lib-uceservice.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@1.0-service-Impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@1.0_vendor.so

# Sensors - from wayne
vendor/bin/sensors.qcom
vendor/lib/hw/activity_recognition.sdm660.so
vendor/lib/libsensor_reg.so
vendor/lib/libsensor1.so
vendor/lib/sensor_calibrate.so
vendor/lib/sensors.ssc.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.sensorscalibrate@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/activity_recognition.sdm660.so
vendor/lib64/libsensor_reg.so
vendor/lib64/libsensor1.so
vendor/lib64/sensor_calibrate.so
vendor/lib64/sensors.ssc.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.sensorscalibrate@1.0.so

# Thermal - from wayne
vendor/etc/thermal-engine.conf
vendor/bin/thermal-engine
-vendor/lib/libthermalclient.so
-vendor/lib64/libthermalclient.so
vendor/lib64/libthermalioctl.so
vendor/lib64/libthermalfeature.so

# Time services - from wayne
-vendor/app/TimeService/TimeService.apk
vendor/bin/time_daemon
-vendor/lib/libtime_genoff.so
-vendor/lib64/libtime_genoff.so

# TUI - from wayne
lib/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0.so
lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0.so
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0_vendor.so

# Widevine - from wayne
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.drm@1.0-service.widevine
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.drm@1.0-service.widevine.rc
vendor/lib/libwvhidl.so

# Wifi
vendor/bin/cnss-daemon
